[Merged by Bors] - Update Lighthouse book Sec 3-6 and FAQ (#4221)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/suggested-fee-recipient.md

# Suggested Fee Recipient

The _fee recipient_ is an Ethereum address nominated by a beacon chain validator to receive

> tips from user transactions. Given that all mainnet and testnets have gone through [The Merge](https://ethereum.org/en/roadmap/merge/), if you run validators on a network, you are highly recommended nominating a fee recipient for your validators. Failing to nominate a fee recipient will result in losing the tips from transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tips from user transactions. Given that all mainnet and testnets have gone through [The Merge](https://ethereum.org/en/roadmap/merge/), if you run validators on a network, you are strongly recommended to nominate a fee recipient for your validators. Failing to nominate a fee recipient will result in losing the tips from transactions.
```
